so regarding just this next season in
general do you have any prophetic
insight about what we're coming up on in
the kingdom what it is that we should be
focusing on with our prayer life or any
inkling that all about what's coming up
you know I do it I have quite a few
different things that that are kind of
rolling around in my mind first first I
think that you know I think that we're
in this AB stock season where people are
being trained and equipped like this
Saints are being trained and equipped
and deployed in a in a fashion and and
in a in a frequency that has never been
known in history maybe maybe the book of
Acts but since then you know and so like
these supernatural schools they're
popping up everywhere they're not just
our supernatural schools like everywhere
I go students are going to a
supernatural school their churches are
training them to reach out of the walls
of the church and actually touch
darkness yeah yeah and so I think that
that's you know that's a phenomena that
will be written about 100 years from now
in history they'll say you know they
will talk about this season where it the
where it went from the clergy doing the
ministry to the Saints actually being
empowered to minister outside the walls
of the churches and so I think that's
not so much prophetic as it is obvious
yeah but I think it's I do think it's
profound yeah um the other thing I think
that it's probably you're gonna need to
be tested but I think we're in a time of
unprecedented I were talking today and
we don't know when this is going to be
shown but you know Israel is in another
huge battle which you know is if kind of
their history you know yeah there's
there's a lot of nations that don't like
Israel and they've had to protect
himself and I I don't want to make a ton
of comments about that except for to say
it's real easy to look at a conflict and
say well you know you're you're crazy
but I do believe Isaiah 2 talks about as
time it says it that the mountain of the
house of the Lord
says in the last days amount for the
house of Lord become chief of the
mountains and people will stream to it
even kings and they'll say let's go to
the mountain of the house of the Lord
that teaches his ways well walk in his
path then it goes on to say that the
result of that of them coming to the
house of the Lord if you will
I would I would interpret that myself as
coming to the kingdom the result of that
is that nation will not rise up against
nation it says they'll take their swords
and they'll beat them into plowshares
yeah they're they'll take their spears
and turn him in the Perino's in other
words they'll go from weapons of warfare
2 things that cultivate growth and then
there's this last line I love it says
and and God will make judgments between
many nations decisions between many
nations and it ends with this and never
again will they train for war Wow no I I
know that we've you know all of us at
least in some season or our life and
said okay that's the last days and
that's probably the millennium okay but
but I felt like the Lord challenged me
probably a year and a half ago as I was
reading these verses he said why not
here why not now hmm like would somebody
believe me
that this could happen here this could
happen now of course people will point
out that Jesus said in the last days
there will be wars and rumors of wars
yeah so we have with these these if you
will almost conflicting to prophecies
Wars rumors of wars then there they will
no longer train for war and both called
the last days because Isaiah 2 opens
within the last days so the last days is
a long time period and and so here's the
answer the question that you asked me I
really do believe that we're heading
into a season of maybe we'd call it the
last of the last days when where
countries will no longer work out their
differences through killing one another
Wow
that literally the Lord will give wise
counsel
two nations and they will literally work
through their their conflicts through
through that we'll talk through them and
I I really believe that there's coming a
season of unprecedented peace and and I
really believe we're heading that
direction
now I understand the risk of prophesying
something like that because of you know
the headlines in the newspaper today but
sometimes we have to call things that
are not as though they are because the
Lord says I this is the way I see it and
when I go that's not what we see yeah
you know look I see dry bones Lord right
can can these bones live and so you know
I like to say that I really do believe
that we are progressing to a place were
fifty years from now
the idea of war although there will
still be conflicts and they'll always
people always fight people are people
but the idea the concept of war will be
will sound barbaric much like in our
country we would say like the the way
mindsets have shifted around let's say
the women women couldn't vote in our
country till 1920 smoking do people
still smoke yes but the mindset the
cultural mindset the way people think
about smoking in our country has to
dramatically shifted you can still get
cigarettes you can still buy them open
market they're not illegal but you know
I think I think somebody told me this
statistic is like 70% that smoking has
dropped by more than 70 percent in the
last 20 years so what's happened I'm not
saying that Wars going away I don't I'm
not saying no one's ever gonna have
conflict right I'm saying the concept
that we solve our conflicts through
weapons and killing each other will will
be will be seen by most of the world is
barbaric and will be it will be an
outdated way to solve conflict and so I
think that's that's
huge prophecy but it's also backed up by
Scripture yeah and so I see us moving
into into that into that realm and it's
it's actually pretty exciting to be yeah
in that in this season and time
absolutely sure we'll get a lot of
comments on you know when they say a
piece of the safety destruction will
come on then you know suddenly but yeah
yeah we have to put all that context as
you said is the key yeah thanks for
sharing thank you awesome thanks for
being here I love it in time out and I
love you I love you and I think you're
beautiful thank you you're one of my
very favorite daughters that I have four
of them so there you are
you